Received April 26, 2019, accepted May 15, 2019, date of publication May 27, 2019, date of current version June 20, 2019.
Digital Object Identifier 10.1109/ACCESS.2019.2919109
Approach to Integrated Scheduling
Problems Considering Optimal Number of
Automated Guided Vehicles and Conflict-Free
Routing in Flexible Manufacturing Systems
XIANGFEI LYU , YUCHUAN SONG, CHANGZHENG HE, QI LEI, AND WEIFEI GUO
The State Key Laboratory of Mechanical Transmission, Chongqing University, Chongqing, China
Corresponding authors: Xiangfei Lyu (xiangfei113072@163.com) and Yuchuan Song (syc@cqu.edu.cn)
This work was supported in part by the Ministry of Industry and Information of China under Grant CCLS-JB-002, in part by the National
Natural Science Foundation of China under Grant 51205429, and in part by the Ministry of Education of China under Grant IRT_15R64.
ABSTRACT Usually, machine and automated guided vehicle (AGV) scheduling are studied simultaneously.
However, previous studies often used a fixed number of AGVs or did not consider routing problems and trans-
portation time. This paper focuses on the machine and AGV scheduling problem in a flexible manufacturing
system by simultaneously considering the optimal number of AGVs, the shortest transportation time, a path
planning problem, and a conflict-free routing problem (CFRP). To study these problems simultaneously,
we propose a genetic algorithm combined with the Dijkstra algorithm that is based on a time window.
The tri-string chromosome coding method is designed to ensure that the solutions are feasible after the
genetic operator has been applied. Global, local, and random searches are adopted in reasonable proportions
to improve the quality and diversity of the initial population. The Dijkstra algorithm based on the time
window is embedded into the genetic algorithm to search for the shortest route, detect collisions for multiple
vehicles simultaneously, and finally, solve the shortest CFRP. The objective is to minimize the makespan
while considering the influence of the number of AGVs. Increasing the number of AGVs has a significant
impact on the makespan in the initial stage. However, the makespan tends to stabilize as the number of
AGVs reaches some threshold. To balance the relationship between the minimum makespan and the optimal
number of AGVs, we set the minimum decrease rate to 5% when determining the minimum makespan
and confirming the corresponding number of AGVs to be the optimal value. In this paper, to verify the
effectiveness of our approach, we propose two sets of computational experiments. The first set of results
shows that the proposed algorithm is as efficient and effective at solving the scheduling problem as the
benchmark approaches. The second set of computational experiments indicates that the proposed approach
is applicable for solving integrated scheduling problems in flexible manufacturing systems.
INDEX TERMS Conflict-free routing problem, genetic algorithm, Dijkstra algorithm, optimal number of
AGVs, time window.
I. INTRODUCTION
A flexible manufacturing system (FMS) is an intelli-
gent, highly integrated and cooperative production sys-
tem. FMSs are widely used in automobile manufacturing,
traditional machining and other industries. An FMS gener-
ally consists of two basic parts: a material handling sys-
tem and a manufacturing system. Multifunctional machines
The associate editor coordinating the review of this manuscript and
approving it for publication was Le Hoang Son.
are responsible for manufacturing various types of prod-
ucts, and automated guided vehicles (AGVs) are responsi-
ble for transporting materials to the machines. Moreover,
an FMS may process one operation on multiple machines,
which is a more complex operation than the one-operation-
one-machine relationship and causes the scheduling when
considering the AGV dispatching problem to be more
complicated.
Several researchers have studied job-shop scheduling
problems of machines and AGVs. Ulusoy and Bilge [1]
VOLUME 7, 2019
2169-3536 2019 IEEE. Translations and content mining are permitted for academic research only.
Personal use is also permitted, but republication/redistribution requires IEEE permission.
See http://www.ieee.org/publications_standards/publications/rights/index.html for more information.
74909
X. Lyu et al.: Approach to Integrated Scheduling Problems Considering Optimal Number of Automated Guided Vehicles
proposed a scheduling algorithm to integrate AGV schedul-
ing with overall activity scheduling in an FMS environment
and exploit the interactions between the two aspects. Ulusoy
and Bilge [2] assumed the absence of vehicle collisions,
formulated a nonlinear mixed integer-programming model,
and proposed a heuristic algorithm based on a time window
to exploit the interactions between the machine scheduling
and material handling system. Ulusoyet al. [3] proposed a
genetic algorithm to solve the machine scheduling and AGV
scheduling problem simultaneously. Abdelmaguid et al. [4]
proposed a genetic algorithm for machine scheduling and
a heuristic algorithm for AGV scheduling to solve the two
scheduling problems simultaneously. Subsequently, hybrid
algorithms have replaced simple algorithms for the simul-
taneous scheduling of machines and AGVs in an FMS.
Hou et al. [5] adopted Pareto-optimization via genetic algo-
rithm and develop a chromosome that can describe a fea-
sible schedule such that meta-heuristics can be applied.
Deroussi et al. [6] proposed the following three metaheuris-
tics for efficient neighborhood scheduling, processing, and
transportation: iterated local search, simulated annealing
and hybridization of the two. Yang et al. [7] reviewed the
high-volume low-mix process and high-volume high-mix
process by focusing on the quantity production for manu-
facturing system scheduling. Vilcot and Billaut [8] proposed
using a tabu search and a genetic algorithm based on NSGA-II
to solve job-shop scheduling under multiple constraints. Fer-
min Montane and Galvao [9] proposed a tabu search for
the vehicle routing problem with simultaneous pick-up and
delivery (VRP_SPD) and used three types of movements in
their algorithm: relocation, interchange, and crossover. Their
results exhibited an improvement with respect to the tested
data. Chang et al. [10] used a Taguchi-genetic algorithm
to solve the flexible job-shop scheduling problem with
makespan optimization.
However, the above studies focused primarily on machines
and AGV scheduling while ignoring vehicle collisions and
routing problems.
To obtain more realistic makespan results, some
researchers have focused on the routing problem while con-
sidering the transportation time. Kim and Tanchoco [11]
addressed the conflict-free routing problem (CFRP) and
proposed an efficient algorithm based on the Dijkstra algo-
rithm to determine the conflict-free, shortest-time route for
AGVs moving in a bidirectional flow-path network. Wu and
Zhou [12] introduced a system modeling with Petri nets and
a deadlock avoidance policy to find the shortest conflict-free
routes. Gen et al. [13] investigated the possibility of using
genetic algorithms to solve the shortest-path problem and
proposed a priority-based encoding method to present all pos-
sible paths. Xing et al. [14] embedded the optimal deadlock
avoidance policy into the genetic algorithm and developed a
novel deadlock-free genetic scheduling algorithm for AMSs.
The author used the one-step look-ahead control policy to
check the feasibility of the chromosome. Reveliotis [15]
proposed a strategy that both ensures conflict resolution
and maintains the operational flexibility provided by a free
vehicle travelling on an arbitrarily structured guide-path
network. Qiu and Hsu [16] presented a bidirectional path
layout and a routing algorithm for AGVs. Li et al. [17]
introduced time window constrains and a collision resolution
mechanism to address both job scheduling and collision
resolution issues of multi-bridge machining systems. Krish-
namurthy et al. [18] solved the makespan problem in a
bidirectional network in a conflict-free manner via column
generation. Möhring and Köhler et al. [19] proposed an
algorithm that avoids collisions, deadlocks, and livelocks
prior to the computation for CFRPs. Gen [20] combined
various hybrid genetic algorithms to address a wide range of
problems, such as the logistics network model, vehicle rout-
ing problem and AGV dispatch problem. Mareda et al. [21]
assessed the optimal spatial distribution of renewable units
through a parameterized optimization method based on a
genetic algorithm. Desaulniers et al. [22] proposed a col-
umn generation approach to solve dispatching and CFRPs
simultaneously in FMS. Miyamoto et al. [23] proposed a
cooperative algorithm that obtains efficient and deadlock-free
routes despite the small buffer capacity of autonomous dis-
tributed manufacturing systems. Subsequently, Miyamoto
and Inoue [24] formulated the dispatching problem and the
CFRP for a capacitated AGV system as an integer program
and proposed local/random search methods to solve the
CFRP. Nishi and Tanaka [25] proposed a Petri net decompo-
sition approach for simultaneous dispatching and the CFRP
for dynamic situations. Novas and Henning [26] dealt with
several critical features with the following sub-problems:
machine loading, manufacturing activities scheduling, part
routing, machine buffer scheduling, tool planning, alloca-
tion, and AGV scheduling. A constrain programming was
tested and various examples demonstrated the importance.
Fazlollahtabar and Hassanli [27] investigated the simultane-
ous scheduling and routing problem for autonomous guided
vehicles. Kaboudani et al. [28] investigated a vehicle routing
problem in a distribution network with a cross-docking center
with minimum transport cost by considering both forward and
reverse logistics in an integrated model. Meng et al. [29] com-
pared a variety of Petri net-based deadlock prevention poli-
cies in terms of structural complexity, behavior permissive-
ness and computational complexity to facilitate engineers in
choosing a suited method. Fazlollahtabar et al. [30] proposed
a mathematical program to minimize penalizing earliness
and tardiness for conflict-free and just-in-time production.
Maza and Castagna [31] proposed the following two classes
of routing algorithms: optimized preplanning algorithms and
real-time routing algorithms. A preplanning algorithm was
advantageous for conflict-free routes but not for improving
vehicle delays and failures; real-time algorithms have the
advantage of being reactive but are non-optimal. The above
studies mainly focused on the vehicle routing problem (VRP)
and the CFRP and largely ignored job-shop scheduling
problems, or they assumed the scheduling problem to be
optimal. However, the optimal path planning may not match
74910 VOLUME 7, 2019
X. Lyu et al.: Approach to Integrated Scheduling Problems Considering Optimal Number of Automated Guided Vehicles
the optimal scheduling and may not result in an optimum
makespan value.
As the transportation resource, there are three reasons to
optimize the number of AGVs: reduce transportation equip-
ment costs, reduce congestion caused by a large number of
AGVs in the production system and increase AGV utiliza-
tion. Mahadevan and Narendran [32] developed an analyti-
cal model to estimate the number of AGVs that considered
both AGV utilization and production volume. Kasilingam
and Gobal [33] proposed a cost model that determined the
number of AGVs based on the idle-time costs of vehicles,
machines, and delays while waiting for parts. Vis et al. [34]
proposed a minimum flow algorithm to determine the number
of AGVs required in a containerized transportation prob-
lem. They developed a strong polynomial-time algorithm
to solve the case when containers are available for trans-
port at known time instants. Li et al. [35] proposed an
improved population-based incremental learning algorithm
to plan collision-free cutting paths of multi-bridge water-jet
cutting processes for solving both the interference and routing
problems. Vivaldini et al. [36] presented a methodology for
estimating the minimum number of AGVs. They considered
the CFRP but did not mention the scheduling problem and
manufacturing system. Mousavi et al. [37] developed a math-
ematical model that integrated an evolutionary algorithm,
particle swarm optimization, and a hybrid to optimize the
task scheduling of AGVs by minimizing the makespan and
the number of AGVs while considering the AGVs’ battery
charge. However, they did not consider the CFRP. An exam-
ple assessment demonstrated the makespan minimization and
the selection of the number of AGVs, and a comparison
of the optimal results provided the mean AGV operational
efficiency of the three proposed algorithms.
Some researchers have investigated the AGV/machine
scheduling problem and the CFRP simultaneously.
Correa et al. [38] proposed a hybrid method to solve dis-
patching and the CFRP in FMS by using constraint pro-
gramming to solve the scheduling master problem and a
mixed integer-programming solver to address the routing
problem. Khayat et al. [39] proposed an integrated formu-
lation for machine and material handling systems and con-
sidered machines and vehicles as constrained resources.
However, Khayat, Langevin and Riopel did not thor-
oughly study the influence of the number of vehicles;
thus, computational experiments may yield better results.
Nishi et al. [40] proposed a bilevel decomposition algorithm
to solve the scheduling problem and the CFRP simulta-
neously through decomposition of a mixed integer formu-
lation. Saidi-Mehrabad et al. [41] proposed an ant colony
algorithm to solve an integrated model of job-shop schedul-
ing by considering the transportation time and the CFRP.
Umar et al. [42] proposed a hybrid genetic algorithm to inte-
grate scheduling, dispatching, and conflict-free routing in
an FMS environment. In their pseudocode, machine/AGV
scheduling and path planning are performed first, followed
by the detection and avoidance of route conflicts; however,
calculating each cycle in this approach requires a consid-
erable amount of time. Fu et al. [43] studied production
scheduling and vehicle routing with job splitting and a deliv-
ery time window. The jobs were processed on unrelated paral-
lel machines. They developed a two-phase iterative heuristic
to solve the integrated scheduling problem and evaluated the
benefits.
Most previous studies considered machine/AGV schedul-
ing in the following forms:
1. The shortest route is assumed to be known, and path
planning is absent, which is a reasonable approach for
a system with a single AGV. However, when two or
more vehicles are included in the production system,
collision problems during transit must be considered.
Therefore, this theory lacks generality.
2. AGV path planning and the CFRP are considered
after AGV/machine scheduling. This strategy divides
the solution into two steps. First, the optimal solu-
tion for AGV/machine scheduling is determined; then,
the vehicle routing problem is solved. However, this
method cannot ensure the optimality of both the
scheduling solutions and the path planning.
3. AGV path planning is considered simultaneously with
AGV/machine scheduling, but with a fixed number of
AGVs. However, a fixed number of AGVs may waste
transportation resources or be unable to satisfy the
required delivery time. Thus, the obtained solutions
may be applicable only for the current constraint, and
the use of one more or one less vehicle might yield
better results.
In this study, we focus on machine and AGV scheduling
considering the optimal number of AGVs, the CFRP and
the transportation time in FMS. To solve these problems
simultaneously, we propose using a genetic algorithm and
a Dijkstra algorithm based on a time window to obtain an
approximately optimal solution. To obtain a good initial pop-
ulation, we propose using global, local and random search
strategies in the genetic algorithm. The Dijkstra algorithm
is used to search the globally shortest route of the AGVs
to determine the shortest transportation time for the current
feasible scheduling scheme. The time window is used to
dynamically detect the available vehicle routes. To verify the
effectiveness of our approach, we test a set of benchmark
problems and compare the results. To study the influence
of the number of AGVs on the makespan, we use a set of
computational experiments to determine the optimal num-
ber of AGV for different production systems sizes. Finally,
when the makespan tendency becomes stable according to
the decrease rate as the number of AGVs in the system is
increasing, the optimal number of AGVs is determined.
The remainder of this paper is organized as follows:
Section II describes the proposed problem and constructs
the mathematical model. Section III presents the proposed
method, and Section IV reports the results of two sets of
computational experiments. Finally, Section V concludes this
paper.
VOLUME 7, 2019 74911
X. Lyu et al.: Approach to Integrated Scheduling Problems Considering Optimal Number of Automated Guided Vehicles
FIGURE 1. Example production system network.
II. PROBLEM DEFINITION AND MATHEMATICAL MODEL
In an intelligent production system, machines are scattered
around the production network, and AGVs are responsible
for transporting materials to machines and warehouses. The
objective of the scheduling problem is to assign tasks to
suitable machines and AGVs to suitable tasks. However,
a global optimal machine scheduling may not have an opti-
mal shortest route planning, or the optimal shortest route
planning may have many collisions and cost extra time.
In addition, the number of AGVs affects the quality of the
solution. When the production system includes only one
vehicle, there is no need to consider the collision problem,
and the utilization rate is always close to 100%. When the
system includes more than one vehicle, the possibility of
collisions occurs, and the utilization rate decreases. The
makespan decreases and tends to become stable as the number
of AGVs increases. Therefore, it is difficult to obtain the
globally optimal solution when considering the number of
AGVs, especially for complex production systems. How-
ever, we can find an approximately optimal solution for the
problem.
In an FMS environment, the layout is represented by a
bidirectional network, but only one vehicle at a time can
transit a segment, as shown in Figure 1. We assume that there
are m machines located in the network to service n jobs, and
each job includes more than one operation. Each operation
can be processed on a few different machines but with dif-
ferent processing times, and each machine can perform a
few different operations. Figure 1 shows the layout of the
FMS used in this study. Six machines are located at points
N4, N8, N11, N13, N15 and N17. The roughcast warehouse is
located at N1. The finished products warehouse is located at
point N20. Three vehicles are initially located at the roughcast
warehouse. All the finished products are transported to the
finished products warehouse after the final operation. The
vehicles are identical and are responsible for transporting
the jobs from the roughcast warehouse at N1 to the assigned
machines and finally to the finished products warehouse
at N20.
Based on the above characteristics, we make the following
assumptions in our study:
1. Each machine can process only one operation at a time.
2. Each operation can be processed by one machine.
3. Loading and unloading times are considered in the
operation time.
4. AGVs move at a constant speed.
5. Each AGV is responsible for one task at a time.
6. All the AGVs are always available, and battery charg-
ing is not considered.
7. There are no sequence constraints between different
jobs.
8. Interruptions are not allowed during a process or during
transport.
The following notation and variables are used in the math-
ematical model:
• Ji : set of jobs, i ∈ (1, 2, . . . , n), n = number of jobs;
• Mk : set of machines, k ∈ (1, 2, . . . , m), m = number of
machines;
• Kv : set of vehicles, v ∈ (1, 2, . . . , w), w = number of
vehicles;
• Oij : indicates the jth operation of Ji, j ∈ (1, 2, . . . , ui),
ui = number of operations of Ji;
• Ci : indicates the completion time of Ji;
• Sijk : indicates the start time of Oij on machine k;
• tijk : indicates the processing time of Oij on machine k;
• Cijk : indicates the completion time of Oij on machine k;
• Tijv : indicates the transit task of delivering Oij to the
corresponding machine by vehicle v;
• tkk
0 : indicates the transit time between machine k and
machine k
0
;
• LTijv : indicates the starting location of a machine for
transit task Tijv;
• S
0
Tijv : indicates the start time of an empty trip for transit
task Tijv;
• C
0
Tijv : indicates the completion time of an empty trip
for transit task Tijv;
• STijv : indicates the start time of a loaded trip for transit
task Tijv
• CTijv : indicates the completion time of a loaded trip for
transit task Tijv;
• Ns : indicates the set of points s ∈ (1, 2, . . . , p), where
p is the number of points in the graph network
• M: indicates a sufficiently large positive number
• αijk =
(
1 if Oij is operated on machine k
0 otherwise
• βijpqk =





1 if Oij is operated before Opq
on the machine k
0 otherwise
• xijv=
(
1 if vehicle kv is responsible for transit task Tijv
0 otherwise
• yijv =















1 if vehicle kv is S
0
Ti0j0v ≥ CTijv
∀i, i0 ∈ {1, 2, . . . , n} , ∀j, j0 ∈{1, 2, . . . , Pi} ,
∀v ∈ {1, 2, . . . , w}
responsible for transit taskTijv
0 otherwise
74912 VOLUME 7, 2019
X. Lyu et al.: Approach to Integrated Scheduling Problems Considering Optimal Number of Automated Guided Vehicles
• zvst =
(
1 if vehicle kv is on the node Ns at time t
0 otherwise
• As1s2t =





1 if feasible path from node s1
to the adjacent node s2 at time t, s1 6= s2
0 if not feasible
• Vs1s2vt =









1 if vehicle v is on the way from node s1 to
the adjacent node s2 at time t, s1 6= s2
0 if another vehicle is traveling on the
same path from the opposite direction.
To ensure that all the machine scheduling rules and vehicle
dispatching rules are satisfied, we establish a set of mathe-
matical models. The optimization objective is to minimize the
makespan Cmax.
The mathematical model is as follows:
C = min(Cmax) = min(
n
max
i=1
(Ci)) (1)
Subject to
m
X
k=1
αijk =1, ∀i∈{1, 2, . . . , n} , ∀j∈{1, 2, . . . , Pi} (2)
Spqk + M(1 − βijpqk) ≥ Cijk ∀i, p ∈ {1, 2, . . . , n} ,
∀j, q ∈ {1, 2, . . . , Pi} , ∀k ∈ {1, 2, . . . , m} (3)
w
X
v=1
xijv =1, ∀i∈{1, 2, . . . , n} , ∀j∈{1, 2, . . . , Pi} (4)
Cijk = Sijk + tijk ∀i ∈ {1, 2, . . . , n} ,
∀j ∈ {1, 2, . . . , Pi} , ∀k ∈ {1, 2, . . . , m} (5)
S
0
Ti0j0v ≥ CTijv ∀i, i0
∈ {1, 2, . . . , n} ,
∀j, j0
∈ {1, 2, . . . , Pi} , ∀v ∈ {1, 2, . . . , w} (6)
S
0
Tijv0 ≥ CTi(j−1)v +
m
X
k=1
αi(j−1)k · ti(j−1)k
∀i ∈ {1, 2, . . . , n} , ∀j ∈ {1, 2, . . . , Pi} ,
∀v, v0
∈ {1, 2, . . . , w} , ∀k ∈ {1, 2, . . . , w} (7)
CTijv ≥ STijv +
m
X
k=1
m
X
k
0
=1
αi(j−1)k
0 · αijk · tkk
0
∀i ∈ {1, 2, . . . , n} , ∀j ∈ {1, 2, . . . , Pi} ,
∀k, k
0
∈ {1, 2, . . . , m} , ∀v ∈ {1, 2, . . . , w} (8)
STijv ≥ max(C
0
Tijv, Ci(j−1)), ∀i ∈ {1, 2, . . . , n} ,
∀j ∈ {1, 2, . . . , Pi} (9)
Sijk ≥ max{CTijv, max{Cpqk| ∀p = 1, 2, . . . , n, q 6= j}}
∀i ∈ {1, 2, . . . , n} , ∀j ∈ {1, 2, . . . , Pi} ,
∀k ∈ {1, 2, . . . , m} , ∀v ∈ {1, 2, . . . , w} (10)
w
X
v=1
zvst ≤ 1, ∀s ∈ {1, 2, . . . , p} , ∀t ∈ C (11)
The goal of the objective function (1) is to minimize the
makespan. Constraint (2) ensures that one machine can pro-
cess only one operation at a time. Constraint (3) ensures that
the start time of an operation is later than the completion
time of the preceding operation; this ensures that no time
collision will occur between two adjacent operations on the
same machine. Constraint (4) ensures that one operation is
assigned to only one AGV. Constraint (5) ensures that no
interruption occurs during the process. Constraints (6)–(9)
ensure that no time conflicts occur during the scheduling.
Constraint (6) ensures that a transit task commences imme-
diately after the completion of the previous transit task fin-
ished. Constraint (7) ensures that the start times of empty
trips are greater than or equal to the completion time of the
preceding loaded trip and its operation time, which means
that an empty trip for the succeeding operation starts only
after the current operation completes. Constraint (8) ensures
that the completion time of the empty trip is greater than
or equal to the trip start time plus the transit time between
the two related machines. Constraints (9) and (10) ensure
that the sequence of operations and transit tasks is feasible.
Constraint (9) ensures that the transit task of a subsequent
operation starts only after the preceding operation is complete
and the corresponding vehicle has arrived, and constraint (10)
ensures that the operation starts only after the transit task
is completed. Constraint (11) ensures that a node can be
occupied by only one vehicle at a given time.
During production, if an empty trip vehicle arrives at
the assigned machine before the current task is completed
(Ci(j+1)k > C
0
Tijv) or a machine completes its current task
before the arrival of the corresponding vehicle Spqk · βpqijk >
CTijv, these two situations are called ‘‘invalid waiting time
(IWT),’’ and they ultimately reduce the utilization ratio of the
AGVs and increase the makespan. In constraint (12), IWT
denotes the sum of the invalid waiting times of all vehicles
and machines in the production system:
IWT =
n
X
i,p=1
u
X
j,n=1

Ci(j+1)k −C0
Tijv

+ Spqk · βpqijk −CTijv

(12)
III. GENETIC ALGORITHM FOR SCHEDULING PROBLEM
Genetic algorithms are widely used to solve scheduling prob-
lems because of their good robustness and extensibility. This
paper embeds a Dijkstra algorithm based on a time window
into the genetic algorithm to solve the scheduling and routing
problems simultaneously. Compared with hybrid-PSO (Par-
ticle Swarm Optimization), the genetic algorithm includes
genetic operators: a mutation operator and a crossover opera-
tor, which help ensure population diversity. The genetic algo-
rithm has a mature method of convergence analysis to avoid
premature convergence. Tabu search simulates the human
memory process and has a strong capability in local develop-
ment but a weak capability in global development. Therefore,
tabu search usually converges quickly but is more likely than
a genetic algorithm to obtain a local optimal solution.
Essentially, a collision is a partial or total overlap of two
or more vehicles transiting the same route section within the
same time period. The Dijkstra algorithm is used to obtain
the global shortest route, and the time window is used to
VOLUME 7, 2019 74913
X. Lyu et al.: Approach to Integrated Scheduling Problems Considering Optimal Number of Automated Guided Vehicles
FIGURE 2. Example of the tri-string chromosome coding method.
detect whether a route is available. The search efficiency of
Dijkstra is lower than those of heuristic approaches, such
as the A ∗ algorithm, simulated annealing algorithm and
similar algorithms. However, the A ∗ algorithm may result
in more collisions due to is directional search strategy, while
the Dijkstra algorithm always finds the global shortest rout-
ing while considering the collision problem. However, the
Dijkstra algorithm suffers from an exponential increase in
the computation time as the problem scale increases. There-
fore, the Dijkstra algorithm is suitable for only medium and
small-sized problems.
A. CODING
Based on the above assumptions, a layered coding method
based on the operations is proposed. The coding consists
of three parts: coding based on operations, coding based on
machines and coding based on AGVs, as shown in Figure 2.
The same location of operation gene string and AGV gene
string indicate a corresponding relationship in which the
AGV is responsible for the transit task of the operation in
that location. We divide the machine gene string into sections
according to the number of jobs and operations. A value in
the gene string denotes each machine to which the operation
is assigned. Therefore, the proposed coding method always
yields feasible solutions for machine/AGV scheduling in an
FMS environment. For example, the first column in Fig-
ure 2 indicates that the No. 2 vehicle is responsible for the
transit task of O21 and the machine 5 process O11. To find a
better initial population and achieve fast convergence, global,
local and random search strategies are used: 70% of the pop-
ulation adopt a global search strategy, 20% of the population
adopt a local search strategy, and 10% of the population adopt
a random search strategy.
B. INITIAL POPULATION
To balance the load and ensure the machine utilization ratio,
two search methods, global search and local search, are
adopted in this paper. To ensure diversity, a random search
is adopted in a small proportion of the population.
Global search strategy: Create an array with the same
length as the total number of machines and the same oper-
ational time sequence as the assigned machines. Select a job
randomly from the first operation and add the operation time
of the alternative machines to the number in the array based
on the machine sequence. Select the minimum sum as the
assigned machine and update the array. Then, select the next
operation and perform the same steps until all the jobs are
selected. This ensures that all operations are selected and that
the machines with the minimum operational time are selected
to maintain the machine load balance. Table 3 presents an
example.
Step 1: Initialization
Array of operation time chromosome of operations
[0 0 0 0 0 0] [0 0 0 0 0 0 . . .]
Step 2: Choose job 3 randomly, select O31, the operation time
and the alternative machines.
M1 M3 [5 6] [5 0 6 0 0 0]
Select machine 1 and update the array.
[5 0 0 0 0 0] [1 0 0 0 0 0 . . .]
Step 3: Select O32, the operation time and the alternative
machines.
M2 M5 [8 7] [5 8 0 0 7 0]
Select machine 5 and update the array.
[5 0 0 0 7 0] [1 5 0 0 0 0 . . .]
Step 4: Select O33, the operation time and the alternative
machines.
M1 M6 [10 9] [15 0 0 0 7 9]
Select machine 6 and update the array.
[5 0 0 0 7 9] [1 5 6 0 0 0 . . .]
Step 5: Select O34, the operation time and the alternative
machines.
M2 M4 [12 9] [5 12 0 9 7 9]
Select machine 4 and update the array.
[5 0 0 9 7 9] [1 5 6 4 0 0 . . .]
Step 6: Select O35, the operation time and the alternative
machines.
M3 [7] [5 0 7 9 7 9]
Select machine 3 and update the array.
[5 0 7 9 7 9] [1 5 6 4 3 0 . . .]
Step 7: Choose job 1 randomly, select O11,the operation time
and the alternative machines.
M1 M2 M3 [6 7 10] [11 7 17 9 7 9]
Select machine 2 and update the array.
[5 7 7 9 7 9] [1 5 6 4 3 2 . . .]
Step 8: Repeat the preceding steps until all the jobs have been
selected.
Step 9: Initialize the array, and perform the next iteration.
Local search: the principle of the local search is similar
to that of the global search, but the operation time array
74914 VOLUME 7, 2019
X. Lyu et al.: Approach to Integrated Scheduling Problems Considering Optimal Number of Automated Guided Vehicles
initialization is performed after all the job operations have
been selected.
Step 1: Initialization
Array of operation time chromosome of operations
[0 0 0 0 0 0] [0 0 0 0 0 0 . . .]
Step 2: Choose job 3 randomly, select O31, the operation time
and the alternative machines.
M1 M3 [5 6] [5 0 6 0 0 0]
Select machine 1 and update the array.
[5 0 0 0 0 0] [1 0 0 0 0 0 . . .]
Step 3: Select O32, the operation time and the alternative
machines.
M2 M5 [8 7] [5 8 0 0 7 0]
Select machine 5 and update the array.
[5 0 0 0 7 0] [1 5 0 0 0 0 . . .]
Step 4: Select O33,the operation time and the alternative
machines.
M1 M6 [10 9] [15 0 0 0 7 9]
Select machine 6 and update the array.
[5 0 0 0 7 9] [1 5 6 0 0 0 . . .]
Step 5: Select O34, the operation time and the alternative
machines.
M2 M4 [12 9] [5 12 0 9 7 9]
Select machine 4 and update the array.
[5 0 0 9 7 9] [1 5 6 4 0 0 . . .]
Step 6: Select O35,the operation time and the alternative
machines.
M3 [7] [5 0 7 9 7 9]
Select machine 3 and update the array.
[5 0 7 9 7 9] [1 5 6 4 3 0 . . .]
Step 7: Choose job 1 randomly, select O11, the operation time
and the alternative machines, and initialize the operation time
array.
M1 M2 M3 [6 7 10] [6 7 10 0 0 0]
Select machine 2 and update the array.
[6 0 0 0 0 0] [1 5 6 4 3 1 . . .]
Step 8: Repeat the above steps until all the jobs have been
selected.
In a flexible manufacturing system, operations always have
alternative machines, and a single searching method may
lead to a local optimal solution. A scheduling scheme with
an unbalanced machine load cannot be the optimal solution.
Global search and local search consider the machine load
balance and thus improve the quality of the initial population
and achieve a fast convergence speed that most likely yields
the optimal solution. To escape from local optimal solutions,
the random search is used to increase the diversity of the
initial population.
C. CROSSOVER OPERATOR
Based on coding characteristics, Zhang et al. [44] proposed
the following two types of crossover operators: the improved
precedence operation crossover (IPOX) (the X represents the
‘‘crossover’’) for the processing sequence and AGV chains
to ensure an adequate number of vehicles and the multipoint
preservative crossover (MPX) for the machine coding.
D. MUTATION OPERATOR
The mutation operator simulates the variability of biological
evolution and increases population diversity. Thus, it is used
to avoid premature convergence to a local optimal solution.
In this paper, we propose two types of mutation operators:
operation mutation (OM) and machine mutation (MM). The
OM operator randomly selects two operation codes from
the chromosome and exchanges their locations. To fix the
assigned AGV, the same mutation operator is adopted for the
AGV chain. The MM operator selects an alternative machine
from the alternative machine set for a corresponding opera-
tion, replacing the current machine.
E. DECODING PROCESS FOR THE SCHEDULING AND
CONFLICT-FREE ROUTING PROBLEM
Based on the chromosome coding approach, it is possible to
obtain all the information of each gene for each chromosome;
this includes the operation Oij, the adopted machine number
Mk, the assigned vehicle number Kv for the transit task,
the machine location l, and the locations of the starting points
S and T. We take the obtained information as the input crite-
rion of the Dijkstra algorithm to achieve feasible conflict-free
path and an acceptable AGV travel time through the conflict
detection strategy. Finally, the chromosome fitness value is
calculated based on the traveling and operation times. The
steps are shown below.
Step 1: Convert the gene-string-based operation coding
from the chromosome to the operation string.
Step 2: Read the gene in the operation string from left to
right. For example, if the corresponding gene is operation Oij,
then we know the assigned machine Mk for Oij, the operation
time tijk, the completion time Ci(j−1) for the preceding oper-
ation Oi(j−1), the vehicle Kv to be used for the transit task,
the location of machine Mk, and the start time S
0
Tij of the
empty trip.
Step 3: Plan the route for the empty trip. We use the
Dijkstra algorithm to calculate the next-shortest path node N
according to the matrix AdjM, with the start point l, end point
S, vehicle number Kv, and available start time S
0
Tij for the
empty trip. Then, execution skips at step 6.
Step 4: Plan the route for a loaded trip. We use the Dijkstra
algorithm based on the time window to find an available route
for an empty trip from l to S and calculate the completion
time C
0
Tij of the empty trip after a vehicle arrives at node S.
We compare the sizes of Ci(j−1) and C
0
Tij. If Ci(j−1) > C
0
Tij,
then the start time STij of the loaded trip for the transit task
by vehicle Kv is equal to Ci(j−1); otherwise, STij = C
0
Tij.
VOLUME 7, 2019 74915
X. Lyu et al.: Approach to Integrated Scheduling Problems Considering Optimal Number of Automated Guided Vehicles
Step 5: We use the Dijkstra algorithm to calculate the next-
shortest path node N according to the matrix AdjM, with the
start point S, end point T, vehicle number Kv, and start time
STij for a loaded trip.
Step 6: Detect collisions. We test whether the route is
feasible based on the time window. If so, execution goes to
step 7; otherwise, execution skips to step 8.
Step 7: Update the time window of the network. For an
empty trip, if N = S, we end the step, output the shortest path
and the time window of the network, and execution returns to
step 4. For a loaded trip, if N = T, we end the step, output the
shortest path and time window of the network, and execution
returns to step 10. If N is neither S nor T, execution returns
to step 6 to find the next-shortest path node N.
Step 8: Detect the collision type. The conflict type is
detected according to the time window. Three types of con-
flicts are considered in this study: point, opposite direction,
and road junction. For a point conflict, when two vehicles
arrive at a corner at the same time, one vehicle is selected
randomly to pause for a brief time to avoid a point conflict.
In actual situations, the probability of a point conflict is very
low. For an opposite direction conflict, when one vehicle
occupies a section of road, another vehicle cannot traverse
that road from the opposite direction, which immediately
turns into a road junction conflict. For road junction conflicts,
we use a simple function to determine whether a vehicle
should wait until the path is clear or seek another (suboptimal)
route. We assume that t1 is the primary time for the optimal
route when a route conflict is not considered, t2 is the time
for the suboptimal route, and 1t is the waiting time of the
optimal route when route conflict is considered:
t1 + 1t > t2. (13)
When constraint (13) is satisfied, the vehicle will select
a suboptimal route; otherwise, the vehicle waits until the
original route is available. Figure 3 illustrates the two types
of collisions. Figure 3(a) shows the situation that can be
solved by (13). Figure 3(b) shows another situation in which
a collision cannot be avoided. In this case, the vehicle that
arrives at the assigned point earlier selects a suboptimal route,
while the later-arriving vehicle continues on the original
route. Constraint (14) ensures that at least one path is feasible
when two vehicles moves toward the same junction point at
the same time:
if Vs1s2v1t · Vs3s2v2t = 1, ∀v1, v2 ∈ (1, 2, . . . , w)
∀s1, s2, s3 ∈ (1, 2, . . . , p) , ∀t ∈ C
then As2s1t+1 + As2s3t+1 ≥ 1 (14)
Step 9: Update the time window of the network. For an
empty trip, when N = S, we end the step, output the shortest
path and time window of the network, and return to step 4.
For a loaded trip, when N = T, we end the step, output the
shortest path and time window of the network, and return to
step 10. Otherwise, we select an alternative suboptimal route
and return to step 6.
FIGURE 3. Junction collision situation.
Step 10: Calculate the start and end times of the transit and
processing tasks for the current operation according to the
optimal route and operation time.
Step 11: Repeat steps 2–10 until all tasks are completed
and then obtain the detailed start and completion times for all
operations.
F. COMPUTATIONAL COMPLEXITY
The main computational burden of the algorithm is dominated
by the step 8 solution of the collision types. The conflict-free
shortest time procedure proposed by Vilcot and J. Billaut [8]
has a polynomial computation complexity o V4N2

, where
V is total number of AGVs and N is the number of the node
in the network. Mareda et al. [21] proposed a robust AGV
routing by delaying some AGVs following the late AGV
based on the method by Vilcot and J. Billaut [8] and obtained
a computational complexity o ην3

, where η is the number
of nodes in the guide-path and ν is the number of times that
one node can be crossed by vehicles.
In this paper, let ϑ be the total number of operations in
the system, NL is the number of collisions that one vehicle
may encounter during the transportation task for an operation,
which means that the outer-loop has to execute detection
procedure the equal number of times. Thus, the algorithm
has the complexity of o(ϑ · NL). Suppose that there are δ
vehicles in the system, (δ − 1) collisions can be encountered
during the path for one vehicle in the worst case. If each
collision is the type that vehicle has to compare the waiting
time and the transport time of other feasible path, in the
worst case, the other feasible path encounter (δ − 2) iden-
tical type of collisions and so on. So δ (δ − 1)

2 collisions
can be encountered in one collision, and there are (δ − 1)
collisions in the worst case. The number of NL is equal to
δ (δ − 1)2

2 ≈ δ3. As a conclusion, the computational com-
plexity is o ϑδ3

. The computational complexity denote that
the number of AGVs is much more sensitive than the size of
network.
IV. COMPUTATIONAL EXPERIMENT
To verify the effectiveness of the proposed algorithm, we con-
duct two sets of experiments. The first set validates the
effectiveness of the algorithm for the machine and AGV
scheduling problem. We take the number of AGVs as the
decision variable, which is consistent with the benchmark
74916 VOLUME 7, 2019
X. Lyu et al.: Approach to Integrated Scheduling Problems Considering Optimal Number of Automated Guided Vehicles
TABLE 1. Results comparison when t/p > 0.25.
problems and the reference literature. The second example
considers the number of AGVs and the CFRP in FMS and
analyzes their influences on the makespan.
A. ILLUSTRATIVE EXAMPLE 1
The benchmark problems are tested according to the four lay-
outs and 10 job sets proposed by Ulusoy and Bilge [1]. We use
two vehicles in the 82 test problems and compare the results
obtained by the proposed algorithm with those obtained in
the referenced literature under the same constraints. The
four layouts are constructed using single-direction routes
and machine locations. Here ‘‘PGA’’ (the proposed genetic
algorithm) denotes the results obtained using the original
layout, while ‘‘PGA-B’’ (proposed genetic algorithm with
bidirectional layout) denotes the results obtained using the
layouts with bidirectional route. We revised a value in
the fourth layout because of the irregular transport time
(the travel time from M2 to M1 should be 12). The layouts
and production times are as reported by [1] and listed in
Appendices 1 and 2.
This paper compares the results of 40 test problems with
t/p > 0.25 and 42 test problems with t/p < 0.25 in
Tables 1 and 2. Generally, the obtained results agree well
TABLE 2. Results comparison when t/p < 0.25.
with the published literature and tend to approach the
lower bound (LB) value given by Ulusoy et al. [3] and
Zheng et al. [45].
The LB is the theoretical true optimal solution. In Table 1,
when t/p > 0.25, two results obtained by PA-B (EX22 and
EX93) and one result obtained by PGA (EX22) reach the
LB provided by Ulusoy et al. [3] and Zheng et al. [45].
PGA-B obtained 25 results that are better than the results
obtained by other strategies, while the remainder of the
PGA and PGA-B results agree well with those obtained by
the other algorithms or methods. In Table 2, when t/p <
0.25, 16 of the results obtained by PGA and 17 of the
results obtained by PGA-B reach the LB provided by Ulusoy
et al. [3] and Zheng et al. [45]. Moreover, two of the results
obtained by PGA-B (EX730 and EX241) are smaller than
the LB provided by Ulusoy et al. [3] and Zheng et al. [45].
The remainder of the results obtained by PGA and PGA-B
agree well with those obtained by the other algorithms or
methods.
Based on our results, the proposed approach solves the
machine and AGV scheduling problems efficiently.
VOLUME 7, 2019 74917
X. Lyu et al.: Approach to Integrated Scheduling Problems Considering Optimal Number of Automated Guided Vehicles
TABLE 3. Machine scheduling for operation time (unit/min).
TABLE 4. Transportation time of the sample layout (unit/min).
B. ILLUSTRATIVE EXAMPLE 2
In an FMS environment, each operation can be performed by
alternative machines, which lead to alternative routes and dif-
ferent transit times. Additionally, different machines require
different operation times to perform the same operation; thus,
different operation and machine combinations yield different
results. We use the following dataset from a discrete man-
ufacturing enterprise: there are six machines in the system;
four jobs that require five, four, five, and six operations;
and several identical AGVs that can serve any machine. This
model differs from the previous scheduling model because
the proposed model is a complete scheduling process that
considers both incoming and outgoing warehouse materials.
Table 3 lists the operation times at different machines and
corresponds to Figure 1.
The adjacent matrix in Table 4 lists the transit times
between any two points in the network.
The parameters of the computational experiment are set
the same as those in the preceding test example. The range
TABLE 5. Results of the computational experiment.
FIGURE 4. Gantt chart for the scheduling scheme.
of feasible solutions is relatively large compared with other
benchmark problems; therefore, we set the initial population
to 80, and each experiment was performed 10 times. We var-
ied the number of vehicles to determine the optimal number
for job-shop scheduling. Table 5 presents the experimental
results.
When we employed one vehicle in the network, the aver-
age makespan was 135 min, and the minimum makespan
was 129 min. When we employed two vehicles, the average
makespan decreased to 92.5 min, and the minimum makespan
decreased to 92.5 min. When we employed three vehicles,
the average makespan decreased to 91 min, and the minimum
makespan decreased to 88 min. When we employed four
vehicles, the average makespan decreased to 84.5 min, and
the minimum makespan decreased to 82 min. The minimum
makespan continued to decrease as we employed more vehi-
cles; however, the vehicle idle rate and invalid waiting time
trend upward. This result occurs because increasing the num-
ber of vehicles increases the number of collisions on roads
and vehicle waiting time. The vehicles are not beneficial
during invalid waiting times, but they occupy transportation
resources, which is an indirect cost.
Ultimately, we employed four vehicles in the calculation
experiment to approximate the optimal scheduling scheme,
as shown in Figure 4, where T16, T25, T36, and T47 denote
the operations in which jobs are delivered to the finished parts
warehouse, and ET denotes an empty trip.
Figure 5 shows the search process for the optimal and
average fitness of the proposed algorithm. To ensure that the
optimal result is obtained, we set the algorithm to perform
100 iterations and executed 10 different runs to determine an
74918 VOLUME 7, 2019
X. Lyu et al.: Approach to Integrated Scheduling Problems Considering Optimal Number of Automated Guided Vehicles
FIGURE 5. Search process of the proposed hybrid genetic algorithm.
optimal result and an average result. The makespan clearly
decreases and converges quickly, as shown in Figure 5. The
convergence tends to become stable after the 23rd iteration
during the search process, which indicates that the algorithm
finds the current optimal solution quickly and efficiently.
Therefore, the algorithm is advantageous for solving the inte-
grated scheduling problem.
Based on the experimental results, our main conclusion
is that the proposed hybrid algorithm is an efficient method
for solving the machine and AGV scheduling problems when
considering the CFRP and transportation time.
C. ANALYSIS OF THE NUMBER OF AGVs
Montane and Galvao [9] proposed a tabu search algorithm to
solve this problem and found that it obtained better makespan
results and used fewer AGVs. However, the paper did not
reveal the relationship between layout and the number of
machines; thus, the paper simply improved the algorithm and
did not analyze the effect of the number of AGVs. Corréa
et al. [38] studied the effect of three elements on the values
of objective function: the number of AGV, the number of jobs
and the layout of the network, but did not consider the influ-
ence of the number of AGVs. Therefore, its results, which
used a fixed number of AGVs, may not be optimal. Khayat
et al. [39] also used a fixed number of AGVs throughout
their computational experiments. In this paper, to study the
effect of the number of AGVs on the objective function,
we conducted a set of test experiments with diverse layouts
and varying job numbers to verify the effectiveness of the
optimal number of AGVs. The details of the test layouts and
job sets are provided in Appendices A and B, respectively.
As shown in Table 6, we selected 14 test problems. Each
test problem involved 3–5 experiments using different num-
bers of vehicles. We executed each test experiment 5–10
times to obtain minimum and average makespan values.
The optimal number of AGVs was determined according
to the decrease rate of the minimum makespan. We set 5%
as the minimum makespan decrease rate to determine the
optimal number of AGVs. As shown in (15), Civ denotes the
completion time of Ji with v vehicles:
Civ − Ci(v+1)
Civ
≤ 5%. (15)
TABLE 6. Results of the computational experiments.
The makespan decreases and tends to stabilize as the num-
ber of AGVs increases. When (15) is satisfied, we take Civ
as the minimum makespan (which may not be the optimal
scheduling solution) and the corresponding number of AGVs
v as the optimal value. The invalid waiting time increases
sharply due to the addition of more vehicles, which result
in more collisions but fewer transfer tasks assigned to each
vehicle. Therefore, the utilization rate of vehicles decreases
as the number of AGVs increases. The vehicle utilization rate
is calculated by (16):
URV =
n
P
i
ui
P
j
Ci(j+1)k − C0Tijv

v · Cmax
(16)
VOLUME 7, 2019 74919
X. Lyu et al.: Approach to Integrated Scheduling Problems Considering Optimal Number of Automated Guided Vehicles
FIGURE 6. Gantt chart of machine and AGV scheduling with 1 vehicle.
FIGURE 7. Gantt chart of machine and AGV scheduling with 3 vehicles.
To illustrate the influence of the number of AGVs on the
makespan and on invalid waiting time, Gantt charts of the
No. 3 test problem are given in Figures 6-8:
Vehicles usually have two trip states: empty and loaded.
There are two types of gaps in the Gantt charts: gaps between
empty trips and loaded trips and gaps between loaded trips.
The first type of gap indicates that an empty trip vehicle
arrives at its assigned machine before the machine’s opera-
tion is completed; the second type of gap indicates that the
destination of the previous transit task and the start point of
the next transit task are located at the same machine and
that vehicles arrived at the assigned machines before the
machine operations were completed. In this paper, both these
gap types are considered ‘‘invalid waiting time,’’ accrued
by vehicles while performing transport tasks. As shown
in Figure 7, when the completion time of an empty trip
occurs after the completion time of the previous opera-
tion, that time difference constitutes another invalid waiting
time.
In Figure 6, only one vehicle is employed and no invalid
waiting time is found in the production system because the
single vehicle is responsible for all the operations. The transit
tasks are transported individually, and no invalid waiting
time occurs. However, the vehicle’s workload is heavy, and
the makespan value is large. If the vehicle happens to be
out of service, the entire production system might have to
stop. In Figure 7, the makespan decreases when three vehi-
cles are employed in the production system. The transport
efficiency increases as more vehicles are assigned, and the
FIGURE 8. Gantt chart of machine and AGV scheduling with 6 vehicles.
FIGURE 9. The influence of the number of AGVs.
feasible operations can be transported to assigned machines
in a timely manner. However, when too many vehicles are
employed in the production system, the operations assigned
to each vehicle decrease and the vehicle utilization rate also
decreases.
As illustrated in Figure 7 and Figure 8, the makespan value
stabilizes as the number of AGVs increases past three.
The relationship between the makespan, number of AGVs
and invalid waiting time is depicted in Figure 9 using an
example of test problem No. 3.
V. CONCLUSION
In this paper, an approach for machine/AGV scheduling prob-
lems that considers both the number of AGVs and the CFRP is
proposed. First, we construct a mathematical model to define
the constraints of integrated scheduling. The model simul-
taneously considers machine scheduling, AGV scheduling
problems and the CFRP. The objective is to minimize the
makespan. Second, the network graph is constructed to illus-
trate the production system. Third, a genetic algorithm com-
bined with the Dijkstra algorithm based on the time window
is proposed to solve the problems. The tri-string chromosome
coding method is proposed for the genetic algorithm to com-
bine the three constituent elements: job, machine and AGV
together and finally realize the integrated scheduling. The
Dijkstra algorithm based on the time window is used to find
74920 VOLUME 7, 2019
X. Lyu et al.: Approach to Integrated Scheduling Problems Considering Optimal Number of Automated Guided Vehicles
FIGURE 10. Layout 1.
FIGURE 11. Layout 2.
FIGURE 12. Layout 3.
the shortest route and detect collision simultaneously. Finally,
two sets of computational experiments were performed to
verify the efficiency of the proposed approach. The results of
the first set of experiments indicated that the proposed coding
strategy for the genetic algorithm solves the traditional prob-
lems efficiently compared with the best results in the existing
literature. The second set of experiments involved the CFRP
and the impact of number of AGVs. The paper set 5% as the
makespan minimum decrease rate to determine the optimal
number of AGVs. The results of this experiment highlighted
the importance of selecting an appropriate number of AGVs.
Using a fixed number of AGV in the production system
may waste transportation resources and cost the enterprise
FIGURE 13. Layout 4.
FIGURE 14. Layout 5.
FIGURE 15. Layout 6.
unnecessarily or result in inadequate transportation resources
to obtain the minimum makespan and satisfy the required
delivery time.
Future research will involve more constraints, such as job
sequencing and dynamic scheduling problems.
APPENDIX A
Layouts of the computational experiments See
Figures 10–15.
APPENDIX B
See Table 7.
VOLUME 7, 2019 74921
X. Lyu et al.: Approach to Integrated Scheduling Problems Considering Optimal Number of Automated Guided Vehicles
TABLE 7. Data for job sets used in the second set of computational
experiments.
TABLE 7. (Continued.) Data for job sets used in the second set of
computational experiments.
ACKNOWLEDGEMENT
I would like to express my sincere gratitude towards my
tutor—Yu-Chuan Song, who has provided me with very valu-
able suggestions and encouraged me all the time. I am truly
thankful for his patience and honored to be his student.
REFERENCES
[1] G. Ulusoy and Ü. Bilge, ‘‘Simultaneous scheduling of machines and auto-
mated guided vehicles,’’ Int. J. Prod. Res., vol. 31, no. 12, pp. 2857–2873,
1993.
[2] Ü. Bilge and G. Ulusoy, ‘‘A time window approach to simultaneous
scheduling of machines and material handling system in an FMS,’’ Oper.
Res., vol. 43, no. 6, pp. 1058–1070, 1995.
[3] G. Ulusoy, F. Sivrikaya-Şerifoğlu, and Ü. Bilge, ‘‘A genetic algorithm
approach to the simultaneous scheduling of machines and automated
guided vehicles,’’ Comput. Oper. Res., vol. 24, no. 4, pp. 335–351, 1997.
[4] T. F. Abdelmaguid, A. O. Nassef, B. A. Kamal, and M. F. Hassan,
‘‘A hybrid GA/heuristic approach to the simultaneous scheduling of
machines and automated guided vehicles,’’ Int. J. Prod. Res., vol. 42, no. 2,
pp. 267–281, 2004.
[5] Y. Hou, N. Wu, M. Zhou, and Z. Li, ‘‘Pareto-optimization for scheduling of
crude oil operations in refinery via genetic algorithm,’’ IEEE Trans. Syst.,
Man, Cybern., Syst., vol. 47, no. 3, pp. 517–530, Mar. 2017.
74922 VOLUME 7, 2019
X. Lyu et al.: Approach to Integrated Scheduling Problems Considering Optimal Number of Automated Guided Vehicles
[6] L. Deroussi, M. Gourgand, and N. Tchernev, ‘‘A simple metaheuristic
approach to the simultaneous scheduling of machines and automated
guided vehicles,’’ Int. J. Prod. Res., vol. 46, no. 8, pp. 2143–2164. 2008.
[7] F. Yang, K. Gao, I. W. Simon, Y. Zhu, and R. Su, ‘‘Decomposition methods
for manufacturing system scheduling: A survey,’’ IEEE/CAA J. Autom.
Sinica, vol. 5, no. 2, pp. 389–400, Mar. 2018.
[8] G. Vilcot and J.-C. Billaut, ‘‘A tabu search and a genetic algorithm for
solving a bicriteria general job shop scheduling problem,’’ Eur. J. Oper.
Res., vol. 190, no. 2, pp. 398–411, 2008.
[9] F. A. T. Montané and R. D. Galvão, ‘‘A tabu search algorithm for the vehicle
routing problem with simultaneous pick-up and delivery service,’’ Comput.
Oper. Res., vol. 33, no. 3, pp. 595–619, 2006.
[10] H.-C. Chang, Y.-P. Chen, T.-K. Liu, and J.-H. Chou, ‘‘Solving the flexible
job shop scheduling problem with makespan optimization by using a
hybrid Taguchi-genetic algorithm,’’ IEEE Access, vol. 3, pp. 1740–1754,
2015.
[11] C. W. Kim and J. M. A. Tanchoco, ‘‘Conflict-free shortest-time bidirec-
tional AGV routeing,’’ Int. J. Prod. Res., vol. 29, no. 2, pp. 2377–2391,
1991.
[12] N. Wu and M. Zhou, ‘‘Shortest routing of bidirectional automated guided
vehicles avoiding deadlock and blocking,’’ IEEE/ASME Trans. Mechatron-
ics, vol. 12, no. 1, pp. 63–72, Feb. 2007.
[13] M. Gen, R. Cheng, and Q. Wang, ‘‘Genetic algorithms for solving shortest
path problems,’’ in Proc. IEEE Int. Conf. Evol. Comput., Apr. 1997,
pp. 401–406.
[14] K. Xing, L. Han, M. C. Zhou, and F. Wang, ‘‘Deadlock-free genetic
scheduling algorithm for automated manufacturing systems based on dead-
lock control policy,’’ IEEE Trans. Syst., Man, Cybern. B. Cybern., vol. 42,
no. 3, pp. 603–615, Jun. 2012.
[15] S. A. Reveliotis, ‘‘Conflict resolution in AGV systems,’’ IIE Trans., vol. 32,
no. 7, pp. 647–659, 2000.
[16] L. Qiu and W.-J. Hsu, ‘‘A bi-directional path layout for conflict-free routing
of AGVs,’’ Int. J. Prod. Res., vol. 39, no. 10, pp. 2177–2195, 2001.
[17] J. Li, X. H. Meng, and X. Dai, ‘‘Collision-free scheduling of multi-
bridge machining systems: A colored traveling salesman problem-based
approach,’’ IEEE/CAA J. Autom. Sinica, vol. 5, no. 1, pp. 139–147,
Jan. 2018.
[18] N. N. Krishnamurthy, R. Batta, and M. H. Karwan, ‘‘Developing conflict-
free routes for automated guided vehicles,’’ Oper. Res., vol. 41, no. 6,
pp. 1077–1090, 1993.
[19] R. H. Möhring, E. Köhler, E. Gawrilow, and B. Stenzel, ‘‘Conflict-free real-
time AGV routing,’’ in Proc. 3rd Int. Conf. Appl. Infrastruct. Res., Berlin,
Germany, Oct. 2004, pp. 661–675.
[20] M. Gen, J. Gao, and L. Lin, ‘‘Multistage-based genetic algorithm for
flexible job-shop scheduling problem,’’ in Intelligent and Evolutionary
Systems. Berlin, Germany: Springer, 2009, pp. 183–196.
[21] T. Mareda, L. Gaudard, and F. Romerio, ‘‘A parametric genetic algo-
rithm approach to assess complementary options of large scale windso-
lar coupling,’’ IEEE/CAA J. Autom. Sinica, vol. 4, no. 2, pp. 260–272,
Apr. 2017.
[22] G. Desaulniers, A. Langevin, D. Riopel, and B. Villeneuve, ‘‘Dispatch-
ing and conflict-free routing of automated guided vehicles: An exact
approach,’’ Int. J. Flexible Manuf. Syst., vol. 15, no. 4, pp. 309–331, 2003.
[23] T. Miyamoto, N. Tsujimoto, and S. Kumagai, ‘‘A cooperative algorithm for
autonomous distributed vehicle systems with finite buffer capacity,’’ IEICE
Trans. Fundam. Electron., Commun. Comput. Sci., vol. E88-A, no. 11,
pp. 3036–3044, Nov. 2005.
[24] T. Miyamoto and K. Inoue, ‘‘Local and random searches for dispatch and
conflict-free routing problem of capacitated AGV systems,’’ Comput. Ind.
Eng., vol. 91, pp. 1–9, Jan. 2016.
[25] T. Nishi and Y. Tanaka, ‘‘Petri net decomposition approach for dispatching
and conflict-free routing of bidirectional automated guided vehicle sys-
tems,’’ IEEE Trans. Syst., Man, Cybern. A, Syst. Humans, vol. 42, no. 5,
pp. 1230–1243, Sep. 2012.
[26] J. M. Novas and G. P. Henning, ‘‘Integrated scheduling of resource-
constrained flexible manufacturing systems using constraint program-
ming,’’ Expert Syst. Appl., vol. 41, no. 5, pp. 2286–2299, 2014.
[27] H. Fazlollahtabar and S. Hassanli, ‘‘Hybrid cost and time path planning
for multiple autonomous guided vehicles,’’ Appl. Intell., vol. 48, no. 2,
pp. 482–498, 2017.
[28] Y. Kaboudani, S. H. Ghodsypour, H. Kia, and A. Shahmardan, ‘‘Vehicle
routing and scheduling in cross docks with forward and reverse logistics,’’
Oper. Res., pp. 1–34, Mar. 2018.
[29] X. Meng, J. Li, M. Zhou, and X. Dai, ‘‘Improved population-based incre-
mental learning algorithm for scheduling multi-bridge waterjet cutting
processes,’’ in Proc. 11th IEEE Int. Conf. Netw., Sens. Control (ICNSC),
Miami, FL, USA, Apr. 2014, pp. 496–500.
[30] H. Fazlollahtabar, M. Saidi-Mehrabad, and E. Masehian, ‘‘Mathematical
model for deadlock resolution in multiple AGV scheduling and routing
network: A case study,’’ Ind. Robot, Int. J., vol. 42, no. 3, pp. 252–263,
2015.
[31] S. Maza and P. Castagna, ‘‘A performance-based structural policy for
conflict-free routing of bi-directional automated guided vehicles,’’ Com-
put. Ind., vol. 56, no. 7, pp. 719–733, 2005.
[32] B. Mahadevan and T. T. Narendran, ‘‘Estimation of number of AGVs
for an FMS: An analytical model,’’ Int. J. Prod. Res., vol. 31, no. 7,
pp. 1655–1670, 1993.
[33] R. G. Kasilingam and S. L. Gobal, ‘‘Vehicle requirements model for
automated guided vehicle systems,’’ Int. J. Adv. Manuf. Technol., vol. 12,
no. 4, pp. 276–279, 1996.
[34] I. F. A. Vis, R. de Koster, K. J. Roodbergen, and L. W. P. Peeters,
‘‘Determination of the number of automated guided vehicles required at
a semi-automated container terminal,’’ J. Oper. Res. Soc., vol. 52, no. 4,
pp. 409–417, 2001.
[35] Z. Li, M. Zhou, and N. Wu, ‘‘A survey and comparison of Petri net-based
deadlock prevention policies for flexible manufacturing systems,’’ IEEE
Trans. Syst., Man, Cybern. C, Appl. Rev., vol. 38, no. 2, pp. 173–188,
Mar. 2008.
[36] K. Vivaldini, L. F. Rocha, N. J. Martarelli, M. Becker, and A. P. Moreira,
‘‘Integrated tasks assignment and routing for the estimation of the opti-
mal number of AGVS,’’ Int. J. Adv. Manuf. Technol., vol. 82, nos. 1–4,
pp. 719–736, 2016.
[37] M. Mousavi, H. J. Yap, S. N. Musa, F. Tahriri, and S. Z. M. Dawal,
‘‘Multi-objective AGV scheduling in an FMS using a hybrid of genetic
algorithm and particle swarm optimization,’’ PLoS ONE, vol. 12, no. 3,
2017, Art. no. e0169817.
[38] A. I. Corréa, A. Langevin, and L.-M. Rousseau, ‘‘Scheduling and routing
of automated guided vehicles: A hybrid approach,’’ Comput. Oper. Res.,
vol. 34, no. 6, pp. 1688–1707, 2007.
[39] G. El Khayat, A. Langevin, and D. Riopel, ‘‘Integrated production and
material handling scheduling using mathematical programming and con-
straint programming,’’ Eur. J. Oper. Res., vol. 175, no. 3, pp. 1818–1832,
2006.
[40] T. Nishi, Y. Hiranaka, and I. E. Grossmann, ‘‘A bilevel decomposition
algorithm for simultaneous production scheduling and conflict-free rout-
ing for automated guided vehicles,’’ Comput. Oper. Res., vol. 38, no. 5,
pp. 876–888, 2011.
[41] M. Saidi-Mehrabad, S. Dehnavi-Arani, F. Evazabadian, and
V. Mahmoodian, ‘‘An Ant Colony Algorithm (ACA) for solving the
new integrated model of job shop scheduling and conflict-free routing of
AGVs,’’ Comput. Ind. Eng., vol. 86, pp. 2–13, Aug. 2015.
[42] U. A. Umar, M. K. A. Ariffin, N. Ismail, and S. H. Tang, ‘‘Hybrid
multiobjective genetic algorithms for integrated dynamic scheduling and
routing of jobs and automated-guided vehicle (AGV) in flexible manufac-
turing systems (FMS) environment,’’ Int. J. Adv. Manuf. Technol., vol. 81,
nos. 9–12, pp. 2123–2141, 2015.
[43] L.-L. Fu, M. A. Aloulou, and C. Triki, ‘‘Integrated production scheduling
and vehicle routing problem with job splitting and delivery time windows,’’
Int. J. Prod. Res., vol. 55, no. 20, pp. 5942–5957, 2017.
[44] C. Y. Zhang, X. Dong, X. J. Wang, X. Y. Li, and Q. Liu, ‘‘Improved
NSGA-II for the multi-objective flexible job-shop scheduling problem,’’
Chin. J. Mech. Eng., vol. 46, no. 11, pp. 156–164, 2010.
[45] Y. Zheng, Y. Xiao, and Y. Seo, ‘‘A tabu search algorithm for simultaneous
machine/AGV scheduling problem,’’ Int. J. Prod. Res., vol. 52, no. 19,
pp. 5748–5763, 2014.
XIANGFEI LYU received the M.S. degree from the
College of Mechanical Engineering, Chongqing
University, Chongqing, China, in 2012, where
he is currently pursuing the Ph.D. degree in
mechanical engineering. His research interests
include manufacturing information and networked
manufacturing.
VOLUME 7, 2019 74923
X. Lyu et al.: Approach to Integrated Scheduling Problems Considering Optimal Number of Automated Guided Vehicles
YUCHUAN SONG received the B.S., M.S. and
Ph.D. degree from the College of Mechani-
cal Engineering, Chongqing University, in 1995,
1998, and 2001, respectively, where he is cur-
rently a Professor of Mechanical Engineering.
He has led several research projects supported
by the Natural National Science Foundation of
China, the National High Technology Research
and Development Program of China (863 Pro-
gram), and the Chongqing Science and Technol-
ogy Commission of China. His work has resulted in over 100 journals and
conference proceeding articles. His research interests include green man-
ufacturing, advanced manufacturing technology, intelligent manufacturing,
and production and operation management.
CHANGZHENG HE received the B.S. degree
from the Henan University of Science and Tech-
nology, Henan, China, in 2015, and the M.S.
degree from the College of Mechanical Engineer-
ing, Chongqing University, in 2018.
QI LEI received the B.S., M.S., and Ph.D. degree
from the College of Mechanical Engineering,
Chongqing University, in 1999, 2002, and 2006,
respectively, where she is currently an Associate
Professor of mechanical engineering. She has
led several research projects supported by the
Natural National Science Foundation of China,
the National Science and Technology Pillar Pro-
gram during the 12-th Five-Year Plan Period
of China, and the National High Technology
Research and Development Program of China (863 Program). Her work has
resulted in over 20 journals and conference proceeding articles. Her research
interests include green manufacturing, advanced manufacturing technology,
production planning and control, and manufacturing systems engineering.
WEIFEI GUO received the B.S. degree from the
School of Energy Science and Engineering, Henan
Polytechnic University, Henan, China, in 2010,
and the M.S. degree from the College of Mechan-
ical Engineering, Chongqing University, in 2017,
where he is currently pursuing the Ph.D. degree in
mechanical engineering.
74924 VOLUME 7, 2019
